applications: nrf5340_audio: Update build script (#7542)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf5340_audio/README.rst

Building and programming using script
=====================================

> The suggested method for building the application and programming it to the development kit is running the :file:`buildprog.py` Python script, which is found in the :file:`applications/nrf5340_audio/tools/buildprog` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The suggested method for building the application and programming it to the development kit is running the :file:`buildprog.py` Python script, which is located in the :file:`applications/nrf5340_audio/tools/buildprog` directory.
```

Author: Done!

> 

Reviewer 2: Should change from:
"run :file:`buildprog.py` **from** the :file:`applications/nrf5340_audio/tools/buildprog` directory to build the firmware"
to:
"run :file:`buildprog.py` **in** the :file:`applications/nrf5340_audio/tools/buildprog` directory to build the firmware"

And:
"run the following command from the :file:`buildprog` directory:"
to:
"run the following command:"

In the sentences above

   python buildprog.py -c app -b debug -d both

> This command can be added as an alias, such that the script can be called from other directories as well.

Reviewer 2: What do you mean exactly by "This command can be added as an alias"?
I can now e.g. call buildprog.py from the nrf5340_audio folder, which is nice.

      Then program the device again using the script command.

>       Alternatively, run :file:`buildprog.py` with the ``--recover-on-fail`` or ``-f`` parameter to recover and re-program automatically when programming fails.

Reviewer: I'd suggest shortening the entire note:
```suggestion
   .. note::
      If the programming command fails because of :ref:`readback_protection_error`, run :file:`buildprog.py` with the ``--recover-on-fail`` or ``-f`` parameter to recover and re-program automatically when programming fails.
      For example, using the programming command example above:
      
      .. code-block:: console
         
         python buildprog.py -c both -b debug -d both -p -f

```
Obviously, this should replace the whole note, but I could not comment on the entire note due to GitHub limitations.

Author: Done!
